add major version blurb to changelog (#1915)
stripe/stripe-java: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 28.0.0 - 2024-10-29

> While monthly releases within Stripe's [new API release schedule](https://stripe.com/blog/introducing-stripes-new-api-release-process) are compatible (and considered SEMVER minor), the we decided to ship `2024-10-28.acacia` as a SEMVER major. This ensures that everyone using `2024-09-30.acacia` on the `27.x.y` release line had access to [a bugfix for deserializing events from a different API release](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-java/pull/1906) (without having to update their API version). Going forward, we expect non-major API versions (e.g. the rest of the `Acacia` line) to be minor releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While monthly releases within Stripe's [new API release schedule](https://stripe.com/blog/introducing-stripes-new-api-release-process) are compatible (and considered SemVer minor), we decided to ship the .NET SDK for `2024-10-28.acacia` API version as a SemVer major. This ensures that everyone using `2024-09-30.acacia` on the `27.x.y` SDK release line had access to [a bugfix for deserializing events from a different API release](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-java/pull/1906) (without having to update their API version). Going forward, we expect non-major API versions (e.g. the rest of the `acacia` line) to have corresponding minor SDK releases.
```
